OSDOCS-16939: DITA split-modules — olm packaging format (#115280)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-bundle-format-annotations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/understanding/olm-packaging-format.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="olm-bundle-format-annotations_{context}"]
= Annotations

[role="_abstract"]

> Operator bundle annotations in `annotations.yaml` define aggregate metadata that describes how a bundle is indexed in {product-title}. These annotations specify media type, manifest paths, package name, channels, and the default channel for catalog registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator bundle annotations in the `metadata/annotations.yaml` file define aggregate metadata that describes how a bundle is indexed. These annotations specify media type, manifest paths, package name, channels, and the default channel for catalog registration.
```
